Art Nurse
Here's an article about that.
Looking at the Friend Anything is written of all kinds of people.
It's a fiction which, meanwhile, is regardable for the standards of their fleet.
There is the other там thing, like dimely cheers in the Akins compute.
And the other one is, an over Noel sport they have...
He's not the kind of person who lies.
But he's a liar who lies to the point of his butt.
Hello. What's up?
Come here.
I was surprised yesterday.
The tiger in the zoo ran away.
Look.
You're great.
The whole mountain was surrounded by a lizard.
If it was too wild, the tiger would have fallen into the pond.
Then the old lady came.
Don't worry.
I'll give you a tour.
How about the old lady?
She's a great old lady.
Which old lady?
I asked her.
The old lady next door.
What are you talking about?
This is a lie.
Why do you want to lie when you see her face?
It's a serious story.
What are you talking about?
She was cut in front of a lightning bolt.
What?
The tiger is a scary creature.
I'm sure it was cut.
What was it?
A lion.
A ride ticket.
Don't make fun of me.
It's strange that a driver wears a ride ticket.
Don't worry.
I don't know.
The Japanese are not liars.
Don't be proud.
There are some higher ones.
There are three of them.
I forgot the name of the village.
They are liars.
What?
They are all liars.
That's interesting.
There's a great liar named Teppou Ehachi.
He lied to me and said,
I'll give you the name of Teppou Ehachi.
I'll make you the village head of Ikkason.
He's saying something.
If you're so proud, say it.
What?
I'll tell him I lied to you.
I'll give you a reward.
Thank you.
I don't know what kind of person he is.
I'll tell him I lied to you.
Be careful. Bye.
Thank you.
I'll have to go to the village head.
I have to dig up things.
There are three of them.
Let's ask them.
Hello.
You're a girl.
Why did you lie to me?
I'm on the house.
Really?
You lied to me.
I don't know.
You're a bad mouth.
I'm not lying.
What are you talking about?
I'm here to tell you the truth.
I'm the third one.